microcom
========

Microcom is a minicom-like serial terminal emulator with scripting support. 
The requirement for this program was to be small enough to fit on a floppy-based Linux distribution - such as the one from Linux Router Project.  
The original project and its source code was on http://microcom.port5.com/m102.tar.gz (no more available) and found only at http://sources.buildroot.net.
Its content is available under label 1.02.

Features:
=========
- Add/strip line feeds, local echo control
- Hardware/software flow control support
- 8 bit, one stop, no parity
- Support for standard speeds form 1200 to 460800 bps
- Default UNIX tty emulation
- BASIC like script language support
- Distribution: source code, LINUX executable, LRP based floppy
- Automatic modem detection

Modifications by @doganckaratas:
========
- Terminal options menu mechanism changed
- Logger option now divided into 2 options, log enable/disable and log file selection options.
- Logger now includes timestamps (extended/basic/none)
- Timestamps are seperately configurable between console window and log file
- Removed unnecessary autoconf/automake generated files (project cleanup)
- Logger and console timestamp modes now configurable realtime

Known bugs:
========
- Unfortunately, DEL key does not redirecting to Terminal target. I'll fix it ASAP
- Logger filename option not configurable realtime in console window.

Please have a look in the provided index.html file for details.
---------------------------------------------------------------

Building:
=========

I've deleted some autoconf/automake generated scripts, why? Because IMHO they 'have to' generated by host machine.

- To build this program using autotools enter the following commands:
```sh
$ autoreconf -fi
$ ./configure
$ make all
$ sudo make install
```
